Schatzi boy mommy why are you what
happened to you let this lost my chosen
cream leash and your mustache grew back
in the shape of it cheaply rifle you
know I am from Germany originally in my
genetic makeup I have what here is look
at this beautiful baby boy did you tell
me a little bit about this blonde
child's blond child was part of the
Lebensborn program this is a
pure-blooded Aryan guinea pig he was
taken from his parents from Shriner I'm
Shriner I in his kleiner I met means
little around and spine means pig in
chairman you know that aft on look at
this beautiful baby boy he is the future
of Germany of shiner eine kleine a 9v my
little Valentine he is mine Schatzi boy
it is my baby from lebanon i'm tryna
rain be my little Valentine suena I'm
clean I'm he is the perfect master race
master race in your face this is a boy
that knows his place he is my Shriner
ein look at him looking at laney
Riefenstahl thank you for watching this
production it's a thong thank you for
looking at Colin that Othman blogspot
com carlin almond upward vodka okay
whatever
OOP
you